Add investigation document for multi-cluster support in Capact (#569)
capactio/capact: docs/investigation/multi-cluster/admiralty.md

    IP=$(docker inspect eu-control-plane \
      --format "{{ .NetworkSettings.Networks.kind.IPAddress }}")
    
    # iv. prepare a kubeconfig using the token and address found above, and the server certificate from your kubeconfig (luckily also valid for this address, not just the address in your kubeconfig),
    CONFIG=$(kubectl --context kind-eu config view \
      --minify --raw --output json | \
      jq '.users[0].user={token:"'$TOKEN'"} | .clusters[0].cluster.server="https://'$IP':6443"')
    
    # v. save the prepared kubeconfig in a secret in the management cluster:
    kubectl --context kind-dev-capact create secret generic eu \
      --from-literal=config="$CONFIG"
    ```

5. In the Capact cluster, create a Target for workload cluster:

    ```yaml
    cat <<EOF | kubectl --context kind-dev-capact apply -f -
    apiVersion: multicluster.admiralty.io/v1alpha1
    kind: Target
    metadata:
      name: eu
    spec:
      kubeconfigSecret:
        name: eu
    EOF
    ```

> 7. In the workload clusters, create a Source for the Capact cluster:
> 
>      ```yaml
>      cat <<EOF | kubectl --context kind-$CLUSTER_NAME apply -f -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the workload clusters, create a Source for the workload cluster:

     ```yaml
     cat <<EOF | kubectl --context kind-eu apply -f -
```

Right?

     apiVersion: multicluster.admiralty.io/v1alpha1
     kind: Source
     metadata:
       name: cd
     spec:
       serviceAccountName: cd
     EOF
     ```

8. Check that virtual nodes have been created in the Capact cluster to represent workload cluster:

    ```bash
    kubectl --context kind-dev-capact get nodes
    ```

9. Label the default Namespace in the Capact cluster to enable multi-cluster scheduling at the namespace level:

    ```bash
    kubectl --context kind-dev-capact label ns default multicluster-scheduler=enabled
    ```

## Demo

> 1. Create Argo Workflow in Capact cluster, targeting the `eu` workload cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create Job in Capact cluster, targeting the `eu` workload cluster:
```

    ```yaml
    cat <<EOF | kubectl --context kind-dev-capact apply -f -
    apiVersion: batch/v1
    kind: Job
    metadata:
      name: eu-foo
      namespace: default
    spec:
      template:
        metadata:
          annotations:
            multicluster.admiralty.io/elect: ""
        spec:
          nodeSelector:
            topology.kubernetes.io/region: eu
          containers:
          - name: c
            image: busybox
            command: ["sh", "-c", "echo Processing item foo && sleep 5"]
            resources:
              requests:
                cpu: 100m
          restartPolicy: Never
    EOF
    ```

2. Watch the Argo Workflow execution:

    ```bash
    argo watch eu-foo
    ```

3. Check Argo Workflow logs:

    ```bash
    argo log eu-foo

>     ```

Reviewer: ![tenor-13023104](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7155799/143451648-e46ac811-df32-4e8e-b923-83eb2eb20d06.gif)

4. Check that the pod was scheduled on `eu` workload node:

    ```bash

>     kubectl --context kind-eu get pods -o wide -n default

Reviewer: FYI I couldn't make it able to work, but I didn't want to waste time for investigation, and also I was using k3d cluster (as the Capact cluster).

I get the idea though 🙂 

```
  ----     ------            ----   ----             -------
  Warning  FailedScheduling  7m17s  admiralty-proxy  0/2 nodes are available: 1 Insufficient cpu, 1 Too many pods, 1 node(s) didn't match node selector.
  Warning  FailedScheduling  7m17s  admiralty-proxy  0/2 nodes are available: 1 Insufficient cpu, 1 Too many pods, 1 node(s) didn't match node selector.
```

```
❯ k describe nodes admiralty-default-eu
Name:               admiralty-default-eu
Roles:              cluster
Labels:             alpha.service-controller.kubernetes.io/exclude-balancer=true
                    kubernetes.io/role=cluster
                    type=virtual-kubelet
                    virtual-kubelet.io/provider=admiralty
Annotations:        node.alpha.kubernetes.io/ttl: 0
CreationTimestamp:  Thu, 25 Nov 2021 14:33:34 +0100
Taints:             virtual-kubelet.io/provider=admiralty:NoSchedule
Unschedulable:      false
Lease:
  HolderIdentity:  admiralty-default-eu
  AcquireTime:     <unset>
  RenewTime:       Thu, 25 Nov 2021 14:43:34 +0100
Conditions:
  Type    Status  LastHeartbeatTime                 LastTransitionTime                Reason  Message
  ----    ------  -----------------                 ------------------                ------  -------
  Ready   True    Thu, 25 Nov 2021 14:43:34 +0100   Thu, 25 Nov 2021 14:33:34 +0100
Addresses:
  InternalIP:  10.42.0.124
System Info:
  Machine ID:
  System UUID:
  Boot ID:
  Kernel Version:
  OS Image:
  Operating System:
  Architecture:
  Container Runtime Version:
  Kubelet Version:
  Kube-Proxy Version:
PodCIDR:                      10.42.1.0/24
PodCIDRs:                     10.42.1.0/24
Non-terminated Pods:          (0 in total)
  Namespace                   Name    CPU Requests  CPU Limits  Memory Requests  Memory Limits  Age
  ---------                   ----    ------------  ----------  ---------------  -------------  ---
Allocated resources:
  (Total limits may be over 100 percent, i.e., overcommitted.)
  Resource           Requests  Limits
  --------           --------  ------
  cpu                0 (0%)    0 (0%)
  memory             0 (0%)    0 (0%)
  ephemeral-storage  0 (0%)    0 (0%)
Events:              <none>
```
